README.md, before:

# PidgeAndPrejudice

## Description
Pidge and Prejudice (or PaP) is a 2D arcade style platform shooter where the player takes the role of a vengeful pigeon invading a city to kill the humans that have domesticated and outcasted all pigeons. Players control the pigeon from a side-view and have limited lives that are lost when struck by a hostile human. The game ends when the player no longer has any lives remaining.

## Core Functionalities
### Movement - Walking and Flying:
- Players will be able to walk via the WASD and arrow keys
- “Flight” is whenever the player is not touching the ground.
#### Gun:
- Players will be able to aim with the mouse and fire by clicking.
- Hitting a hostile human earns points. There are three types of enemies and each is worth a different amount.
### Hostile Humans:
- Players will earn points by hitting hostile humans with projectiles.
- There are three different enemies: pedestrian, military, and animalcontrol. Each have different health levels, shoot radius, and movement speed. Players are awarded different points based on their difficulty to defeat.
- Enemies move towards the player, and throw their own projectiles when they reach a certain distance from the player.
### Power Ups/Downs
- There are multiple power ups/downs with different functionalities. Power ups are respawned after being collected and can change location
- Fried Chicken (Power Down):Induces slow movement cuz what kind of pigeon would eat a chicken??
- Bread (Power Up): Induces faster movement. Comes with a sweet adorable grandma that likes feeding pigeons.
- Killing Grandma (Power Down): Induces random firing and inability to move. Overriden with guilt for killing the innocent grandma, the pigeon goes beserk. 
- LMG (Power Up): Upgrades pigeon's pistol to an lmg. Applies faster gun spray and bullet speed.
- Fake Lmg (Power Down): A trap thrown by the military to trick the pigeon into grabbing a bad gun. Applies slower gun spray and bullet speed.

## Collaboration
- Rylen Sakamoto: user input for pigeon and character movement
- Elly Horbaly: art and game hud
- Jason King: shooting and character movement
- Katie Ho: enemies and power ups/downs

This project was divided up between four people with each person assigned to a specific aspect of the game initially, but everybody ultimately worked on whatever they could to help improve on other code. The first commit was the final project submission, and all commits made afterward was just extra tweaks I made because the final submission still had some bugs or not everything that was originally planned was implemented.

Commit message:

Added playable link to README.md

README.md, after:

# PidgeAndPrejudice

## Description
Pidge and Prejudice (or PaP) is a 2D arcade style platform shooter where the player takes the role of a vengeful pigeon invading a city to kill the humans that have domesticated and outcasted all pigeons. Players control the pigeon from a side-view and have limited lives that are lost when struck by a hostile human. The game ends when the player no longer has any lives remaining.

## Playable Link
https://k4tho.itch.io/pidge-and-prejudice

## Core Functionalities
### Movement - Walking and Flying:
- Players will be able to walk via the WASD and arrow keys
- “Flight” is whenever the player is not touching the ground.
#### Gun:
- Players will be able to aim with the mouse and fire by clicking.
- Hitting a hostile human earns points. There are three types of enemies and each is worth a different amount.
### Hostile Humans:
- Players will earn points by hitting hostile humans with projectiles.
- There are three different enemies: pedestrian, military, and animalcontrol. Each have different health levels, shoot radius, and movement speed. Players are awarded different points based on their difficulty to defeat.
- Enemies move towards the player, and throw their own projectiles when they reach a certain distance from the player.
### Power Ups/Downs
- There are multiple power ups/downs with different functionalities. Power ups are respawned after being collected and can change location
- Fried Chicken (Power Down):Induces slow movement cuz what kind of pigeon would eat a chicken??
- Bread (Power Up): Induces faster movement. Comes with a sweet adorable grandma that likes feeding pigeons.
- Killing Grandma (Power Down): Induces random firing and inability to move. Overriden with guilt for killing the innocent grandma, the pigeon goes beserk. 
- LMG (Power Up): Upgrades pigeon's pistol to an lmg. Applies faster gun spray and bullet speed.
- Fake Lmg (Power Down): A trap thrown by the military to trick the pigeon into grabbing a bad gun. Applies slower gun spray and bullet speed.

## Bugs
- Mouse shooter aim is still a little wonky. Perhaps it has something to do with the velocity of the projectile.
## Collaboration
- Rylen Sakamoto: user input for pigeon and character movement
- Elly Horbaly: art and game hud
- Jason King: shooting and character movement
- Katie Ho: enemies and power ups/downs

This project was divided up between four people with each person assigned to a specific aspect of the game initially, but everybody ultimately worked on whatever they could to help improve on other code. The first commit was the final project submission, and all commits made afterward was just extra tweaks I made because the final submission still had some bugs or not everything that was originally planned was implemented.
